Better: Add handover protocol doc RD-23015 (#110)
ringcentral/engage-digital-api-docs: docs/interactions/bots-api.md

# Bots API

Engage Digital’s Bots API is our way to integrate bots into Engage Digital chat channels. This guide is meant to provide integrators a comprehensive overview of the available features for them to be able to create an implementation.

> Currently it's only available on Messenger channels, their documentation is available [here](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/handover-protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently it's only available on Messenger channels, whose associated documentation on Facebook is available [here](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/handover-protocol).
```

## Setup

> Please contact Support to get access to the feature on ED side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If we publish the doc, we will remove the feature from beta

Author: Ok do we have any info on when that will be ?

Reviewer: will be handled internally

> You will also need to choose which Facebook app is primary (ED or BOT app), based on that, handover protocol behavior won’t be exactly the same, see FB’s docs for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to choose which Facebook app is primary (ED or BOT app), based on that, handover protocol behavior won’t be exactly the same, see aforementioned Facebook documentation for more information.
```
